Added revised controls.yaml (#193)
ossf/security-baseline: cmd/template.md

## Overview

> The Open Source Project Security (OSPS) Baseline is a set of security controls that projects should meet to be considered secure.

Reviewer: This line needs to be reverted as noted in #191

Author: ```suggestion
The Open Source Project Security (OSPS) Baseline is a set of security criteria that projects should meet to demonstrate a strong security posture.
```
